chore(curriculum): user configuration manager (#714)
freeCodeCamp/CurriculumExpansion: fullstack-cert/python-projects/lab-confguration-manager/userstories.md

1. You should create a dictionary named `settings` that stores the following user configuration preferences:

   ```md
       "theme": "light",
       "language": "English",
       "notifications": "enabled"
   ```

> 2. You should define a function named `add_setting` that takes the `settings` dictionary and a tuple `(key, value)` as parameters to add a new setting.
> 
> 3. Inside the `add_setting` function, you should:
> 
>    - Convert the provided key to lowercase.
>    - Check if the setting name already exists in the `settings` dictionary.
> 
>      - If the setting exists, return: `"Setting '[key]' already exists! Cannot add a new setting with this name."`
>      - If the setting doesn't exist, add the key-value pair to the dictionary.
>      - Return a confirmation message in the format: `"Setting '[key]' added with value '[value]' successfully!"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. You should define a function named `add_setting` that takes a dictionary of settings and a tuple containing a key-value pair as arguments.
1. `add_setting(settings, (key, value))` should:
    - Convert `key` to lowercase.
    - If the `key` setting exists, return `Setting 'key' already exists! Cannot add a new setting with this name.`
    - If the `key` setting doesn't exist, add the key-value pair to the `settings` dictionary and return `Setting 'key' added with value 'value' successfully!`
```

> 4. You should define a function named `update_setting` that takes the `settings` dictionary and a tuple `(key_value)` as parameters to update an existing setting.
> 
> 5. Inside the `update_setting` function, you should:
> 
>    - Convert the provided key to lowercase.
>    - Check if the setting exists in the `settings` dictionary.
> 
>      - If the setting exists, update its value in the dictionary and return: `"Setting '[key]' updated to '[value]' successfully!"`
>      - If the setting does not exist, return: `"Setting '[key]' does not exist! Cannot update a non-existing setting."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. You should define a function named `update_setting` that takes the a dictionary of settings and a tuple containing a key-value pair as arguments.
1. `update_setting(settings, (key, value))` should:
    - Convert `key` to lowercase.
    - If the `key` setting exists, update its value in the `settings` dictionary and return: `Setting 'key' updated to 'value' successfully!`
    - If the `key` setting doesn't exist, return `Setting 'key' does not exist! Cannot update a non-existing setting.`
```

> 6. You should define a function named `delete_setting` that takes the `settings` dictionary and a string `key` as parameters to delete a specific setting.
> 
> 7. Inside the `delete_setting` function, you should:
> 
>    - Convert the provided key to lowercase.
>    - Check if the setting exists in the `settings` dictionary.
> 
>      - If the setting exists, remove the key-value pair and return: `"Setting '[key]' deleted successfully!"`
>      - If the setting does not exist, return: `"Setting not found!"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. You should define a function named `delete_setting` that takes the a dictionary of settings and a key as arguments.
1. `delete_setting(settings, key)` should:
    - Convert `key` to lowercase.
    - If the `key` setting exists, remove the key-value pair from `settings` and return `Setting 'key' deleted successfully!`
    - If the `key` setting does not exist, return `Setting not found!`
```

> 8. You should define a function named `view_settings` that takes the `settings` dictionary as a parameter and returns a formatted string of current settings.
> 
> 9. Inside the `view_settings` function, you should:
> 
>    - Check if the `settings` dictionary contains values.
>    - If the dictionary is empty, return: `"No settings available."`
>    - If the dictionary contains settings, return them in the following format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. You should define a function named `view_settings` that takes a dictionary of settings as argument.
1. `view_settings(settings)` should:
    - If the `settings` dictionary is empty, return `No settings available.`
    - If the `settings` dictionary contains settings, return them in the following format:
```

Author: This makes the sentence flow better:

```suggestion
1. You should define a function named `view_settings` that takes a dictionary of settings as argument.
1. `view_settings(settings)` should:
    - Return `No settings available.` if the `settings` dictionary is empty.
    - Return them in the following format if the `settings` dictionary contains settings:
```

Reviewer: "Them" is used before "settings". Maybe
> Return the settings in the following format if the `settings` dictionary contains settings:

Author: I have updated the last 2 user stories.

   ```md

>    Current User Settings:

Reviewer: This is not exactly the format used in the prototype. There's a missing newline at the beginning. Depending on what will be tested it might be okay to leave it as is.
